DOCSP-35401: docs landing page (#2710)
jenssegers/laravel-mongodb: docs/index.txt

experience with MongoDB PHP Library and {+odm-short+}. To get support for
general questions, search or post in the
`MongoDB Community Forums <https://www.mongodb.com/community/forums/>`__.

To learn more about MongoDB support options, see the
`Technical Support <https://www.mongodb.org/about/support>`__ page.

Bugs / Feature Requests
-----------------------

If you've found a bug or want to see a new feature in {+odm-short+},
please report it in the GitHub issues section of the
`mongodb/laravel-mongodb <https://github.com/mongodb/laravel-mongodb>`__
repository.

To report a bug or request a new feature, perform the following steps:

1. Visit the `GitHub issues <https://github.com/mongodb/laravel-mongodb/issues>`__
   section and search for any similar issues or bugs.
#. If you find a matching issue, you can reply to the thread to report that
   you have a similar issue or request.
#. If you cannot find a matching issue, click :guilabel:`New issue` and select
   the appropriate issue type.
#. If you selected "Bug report" or "Feature request", please provide as much
   information as possible about the issue. Click :guilabel:`Submit new issue`

>    to complete your submission.

Reviewer: We may indicate that if they know how to fix the issue, they can create a PR. With a link to the PR section.

.. meta::
   :keywords: php framework, odm

.. toctree::
   :titlesonly:
   :maxdepth: 1

   /install
   /eloquent-models
   /query-builder
   /user-authentication
   /queues
   /transactions
   /upgrade

Introduction
------------

> Welcome to the documentation site for the official {+odm-long+}.

Reviewer: What are the value of `{+odm-long+}` and `{+odm-short+}`?

Author: "Laravel MongoDB package" and ""Laravel MongoDB", respectively.
One issue in working with Snooty and submodules is that the config files that define the behavior and source constants (such as "odm-long" and "odm-short" need to be in the docs repo. Here are the current values in a [PR](https://github.com/10gen/docs-laravel/pull/6/files#diff-06c9aca58712658eed71cea4936907e0a123d987fd055627808cb7cc4c5c0e93R10-R13).

When the PR is ready for review, I'll link the info so that this PR can be reviewed more easily.

> This package extends methods in the PHP Laravel API to enable you to configure
> your Laravel app to work with MongoDB as a datastore. {+odm-short+} allows you

Reviewer: The sentence can be slight lighter to express the same thing.
```suggestion
This package extends methods in the PHP Laravel API to work with MongoDB as a datastore in your Laravel application. {+odm-short+} allows you
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion! I will incorporate it into the PR.

to use Laravel's Eloquent syntax and Query Builder to work with your MongoDB
data.

.. note::

   This documentation describes the ``mongodb/laravel-mongodb`` package,
   formerly named ``jenssegers/mongodb``. This package is now owned and
   maintained by MongoDB, Inc. and is compatible with Laravel 10.x and
   later.

   To find versions of the package compatible with older versions of Laravel,
   see the `Laravel Version Compatibility <https://github.com/mongodb/laravel-mongodb/tree/3.9#laravel-version-compatibility>`__
   table.

Getting Started
---------------

Learn how to install and configure your app to MongoDB by using the
{+odm-short+} in the :ref:`laravel-install` section.

..

   Quick Start
   -----------

   TODO: this section should replace the Getting Started section once the

>    content is authored.

Reviewer: Do you want to fill this TODO before merging?

Author: I don't have any content to place here yet. While the docs team usually uses RST comments for placeholders, I can remove the comments and store them somewhere else for future use.

   to perform MongoDB operations, see :ref:`laravel-error-handling`.

   Issues & Help
   -------------

   Learn how to report bugs, contribute to {+odm-short+}, and find
   additional resources for asking questions in the
   :ref:`laravel-issues-and-help` section.

   Compatibility
   -------------

   To learn about compatibility between {+odm-short+} and the following
   components, see :ref:`laravel-compatibility`:

   - MongoDB (TBD)
   - Laravel
   - Laravel Eloquent features

   TODO: Move the content in "Reporting Issues", "Security Vulnerabilities",
   and "Development" to "Issues & Help".

Reporting Issues
----------------

We are lucky to have a vibrant PHP community that includes users of varying
experience with MongoDB PHP Library and {+odm-short+}. To get support for
general questions, search or post in the
`MongoDB Community Forums <https://www.mongodb.com/community/forums/>`__.

To learn more about MongoDB support options, see the
`Technical Support <https://www.mongodb.org/about/support>`__ page.

Bugs / Feature Requests
-----------------------

If you think you've found a bug or want to see a new feature in {+odm-short+},

> please open a case in our issue management tool, JIRA, by performing the

Reviewer: @alcaeus I think we can tell people to create GitHub issues instead of Jira tickets. It's easier to enable external contributions.

Author: Sounds good to me. Do we need confirmation from @alcaeus?

Reviewer 2: Yes, I'd like to keep GitHub issues open as long as we can. We have the same process across all of the PHP repos to reduce friction, and as long as the issue quality stays high I don't mind people creating issues directly in GitHub.
